src/data/roadmaps/system-design/system-design.md, before:

---
jsonUrl: '/jsons/roadmaps/system-design.json'
pdfUrl: '/pdfs/roadmaps/system-design.pdf'
order: 8
briefTitle: 'System Design'
briefDescription: 'Guide to learn system Design'
title: 'System Design'
description: 'Everything you need to know about designing large scale systems.'
isNew: false
hasTopics: true
dimensions:
  width: 968
  height: 2848.5
schema:
  headline: 'System Design Roadmap'
  description: 'Learn System Design with this interactive step by step guide in 2024. We also have resources and short descriptions attached to the roadmap items so you can get everything you want to learn in one place.'
  imageUrl: 'https://roadmap.sh/roadmaps/system-design.png'
  datePublished: '2023-01-17'
  dateModified: '2023-01-17'
seo:
  title: 'System Design Roadmap'
  description: 'Learn system design with this step by step guide and resources.'
  keywords:
    - 'guide to learn system design'
    - 'system design roadmap'
    - 'distributed systems roadmap'
    - 'modern system design roadmap'
    - 'system design roadmap'
    - 'scalable system roadmap'
    - 'system design patterns roadmap'
    - 'system design roadmap'
    - 'application architectures'
    - 'system design guide'
relatedRoadmaps:
  - 'backend'
  - 'software-architect'
  - 'devops'
  - 'python'
  - 'java'
  - 'nodejs'
  - 'golang'
sitemap:
  priority: 1
  changefreq: 'monthly'
tags:
  - 'roadmap'
  - 'main-sitemap'
  - 'skill-roadmap'
---

Commit message:

feat: redesign roadmap page header and add upcoming projects functionality (#6347)
* Redesign the header

* Responsiveness of the roadmap header

* Fix spacing

* Redesign roadmap header

* Add projects badge

* Update badge

* Add screen for projects

* UI flicker fix

* Add question for system design

* Code formatting

src/data/roadmaps/system-design/system-design.md, after:

---
jsonUrl: '/jsons/roadmaps/system-design.json'
pdfUrl: '/pdfs/roadmaps/system-design.pdf'
order: 8
briefTitle: 'System Design'
briefDescription: 'Guide to learn system Design'
title: 'System Design'
description: 'Everything you need to know about designing large scale systems.'
isNew: false
hasTopics: true
question:
  title: 'What is System Design?'
  description: |
    System design involves creating a detailed blueprint of a system's architecture, components, modules, interfaces, and data to fulfill specific requirements. It includes outlining a structured plan for building, implementing, and maintaining the system, ensuring it meets functional, technical, and business needs. This process addresses considerations of scalability, performance, security, and usability, aiming to develop an efficient and effective solution.
    
    ## What are the components of System Design?
    Some of the the major components that play a crucial role in designing a system include Programming language choice, Databases, CDNs, Load Balancers, Caches, Proxies, Queues, Web Servers, Application Servers, Search Engines, Logging and Monitoring Systems, Scaling, and more. Key considerations include scalability, architectural patterns, and security measures to safeguard the system. These elements collectively contribute to building a robust, efficient, and secure system, though this list represents just a subset of the comprehensive factors involved in system design.

dimensions:
  width: 968
  height: 2848.5
schema:
  headline: 'System Design Roadmap'
  description: 'Learn System Design with this interactive step by step guide in 2024. We also have resources and short descriptions attached to the roadmap items so you can get everything you want to learn in one place.'
  imageUrl: 'https://roadmap.sh/roadmaps/system-design.png'
  datePublished: '2023-01-17'
  dateModified: '2023-01-17'
seo:
  title: 'System Design Roadmap'
  description: 'Learn system design with this step by step guide and resources.'
  keywords:
    - 'guide to learn system design'
    - 'system design roadmap'
    - 'distributed systems roadmap'
    - 'modern system design roadmap'
    - 'system design roadmap'
    - 'scalable system roadmap'
    - 'system design patterns roadmap'
    - 'system design roadmap'
    - 'application architectures'
    - 'system design guide'
relatedRoadmaps:
  - 'backend'
  - 'software-architect'
  - 'devops'
  - 'python'
  - 'java'
  - 'nodejs'
  - 'golang'
sitemap:
  priority: 1
  changefreq: 'monthly'
tags:
  - 'roadmap'
  - 'main-sitemap'
  - 'skill-roadmap'
---
