src/data/roadmaps/postgresql-dba/content/schema-design-patterns--anti-patterns@FDuiJyU1yWUQ9IsfS3CeZ.md, before:

# SQL Optimization Techniques: Schema Query Patterns

Schema query patterns involve the design of your database schema and the ways you write queries to access and manipulate the data. There are several factors to consider when designing your schema and writing queries to achieve optimal performance. In this section, we'll discuss key elements of schema query patterns that can help improve the performance of your PostgreSQL queries.

## Denormalization vs. Normalization
In a normalized schema, the structure is organized to minimize redundancy through proper segmentation of data. While this reduces storage requirements, it may lead to multiple joins in queries which can adversely affect performance. On the other hand, denormalized schema design involves keeping redundant data and paying more attention to query patterns to achieve better query performance. 

When designing a schema, consider the balance between these two paradigms to achieve optimal performance for your specific use case.

## Use Indexes Strategically
Using indexes effectively helps speed up queries. However, creating unnecessary indexes can have a negative impact on insert, update, and delete operations. Analyze your query patterns and create indexes for the most frequently accessed columns. Don't forget to use the `EXPLAIN` query analysis tool to understand how indexes are being utilized in your queries.

## Partitioning
Partitioning a table can significantly improve query performance by allowing the query planner to scan smaller subsets of data. There are several partitioning strategies available in PostgreSQL, including range, list, and hash partitioning. Choose the appropriate partitioning method based on your query patterns to achieve the best results.

## Materialized Views
Materialized views store the query result and update it periodically as an actual table, providing a way to cache complex or expensive queries. Using materialized views can improve performance for frequently executed read queries, but remember to weigh the costs of maintaining these views against the potential gains in query performance.

## Utilize Common Table Expressions (CTEs)
CTEs (also known as WITH clauses) allow you to simplify complex queries by breaking them into smaller, more manageable parts. This can result in easier-to-read code and improved query optimization by the query planner.

``` sql
WITH recent_orders AS (
  SELECT *
  FROM orders
  WHERE order_date >= DATE '2021-01-01'
)
SELECT *
FROM recent_orders
JOIN customers ON recent_orders.customer_id = customers.id;
```

By paying attention to schema query patterns, you can optimize your PostgreSQL queries and create a more efficient, performant, and maintainable database system.

Commit message:

Update all PostgreSQL roadmap content (#6241)
* update all postgresql roadmap content

* added half the links

* complete all link adding

* Update src/data/roadmaps/postgresql-dba/content/awk@HJCRntic0aGVvdmCN45aP.md

src/data/roadmaps/postgresql-dba/content/schema-design-patterns--anti-patterns@FDuiJyU1yWUQ9IsfS3CeZ.md, after:

# Schema Design Patterns in PostgreSQL

Schema design patterns in PostgreSQL ensure efficient and scalable databases by using normalization to reduce redundancy and maintain data integrity, while denormalization improves read performance for read-heavy applications. Employing star and snowflake schemas optimizes query performance in data warehousing, with the former having a central fact table and the latter normalizing dimension tables. Partitioning tables based on specific criteria enhances query performance and maintenance, while strategic use of indexes speeds up data retrieval. Foreign keys and constraints maintain data integrity, and materialized views precompute complex queries for faster access to summary data, collectively ensuring an optimized and robust database design.

Learn more from the following resources:

- [@article@How to Design Your PostgreSQL Database: Two Schema Examples](https://www.timescale.com/learn/how-to-design-postgresql-database-two-schema-examples)
- [@video@What is STAR schema | Star vs Snowflake Schema](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hQvCOBv_-LE)
