src/roadmaps/java/java.md, before:

---
jsonUrl: "/jsons/java.json"
pdfUrl: "/pdfs/java.pdf"
order: 9
featuredTitle: "Java"
featuredDescription: "Step by step guide to becoming a Java Developer in 2023"
title: "Java Developer"
description: "Step by step guide to becoming a Java developer in 2023"
hasTopics: true
dimensions:
  width: 968
  height: 1167.29
seo:
  title: "Learn to become a modern Java developer"
  description: "Community driven, articles, resources, guides, interview questions, quizzes for java development. Learn to become a modern Java developer by following the steps, skills, resources and guides listed in this roadmap."
  keywords:
    - "guide to becoming a developer"
    - "guide to becoming a java developer"
    - "java developer"
    - "java engineer"
    - "java skills"
    - "guide to java"
    - "java roadmap"
    - "java skills"
    - "java skills test"
    - "skills for java"
    - "cloud development"
    - "what is java"
    - "java quiz"
    - "java interview questions"
    - "java engineer roadmap"
    - "java developer roadmap"
    - "become a java developer"
    - "java developer career path"
    - "java developer"
    - "modern java developer"
relatedRoadmaps:
  - "backend"
  - "devops"
  - "python"
  - "golang"
  - "javascript"
  - "nodejs"
sitemap:
  priority: 1
  changefreq: "monthly"
tags:
  - "roadmap"
  - "main-sitemap"
  - "skill-roadmap"
---

Commit message:

Add json-ld schema to all roadmaps

src/roadmaps/java/java.md, after:

---
jsonUrl: "/jsons/java.json"
pdfUrl: "/pdfs/java.pdf"
order: 9
featuredTitle: "Java"
featuredDescription: "Step by step guide to becoming a Java Developer in 2023"
title: "Java Developer"
description: "Step by step guide to becoming a Java developer in 2023"
hasTopics: true
dimensions:
  width: 968
  height: 1167.29
schema:
  headline: "Java Developer Roadmap"
  description: "Learn how to become a Java Developer with this interactive step by step guide in 2023. We also have resources and short descriptions attached to the roadmap items so you can get everything you want to learn in one place."
  imageUrl: "https://roadmap.sh/roadmaps/java.png"
  datePublished: "2023-01-05"
  dateModified: "2023-01-20"
seo:
  title: "Learn to become a modern Java developer"
  description: "Community driven, articles, resources, guides, interview questions, quizzes for java development. Learn to become a modern Java developer by following the steps, skills, resources and guides listed in this roadmap."
  keywords:
    - "guide to becoming a developer"
    - "guide to becoming a java developer"
    - "java developer"
    - "java engineer"
    - "java skills"
    - "guide to java"
    - "java roadmap"
    - "java skills"
    - "java skills test"
    - "skills for java"
    - "cloud development"
    - "what is java"
    - "java quiz"
    - "java interview questions"
    - "java engineer roadmap"
    - "java developer roadmap"
    - "become a java developer"
    - "java developer career path"
    - "java developer"
    - "modern java developer"
relatedRoadmaps:
  - "backend"
  - "devops"
  - "python"
  - "golang"
  - "javascript"
  - "nodejs"
sitemap:
  priority: 1
  changefreq: "monthly"
tags:
  - "roadmap"
  - "main-sitemap"
  - "skill-roadmap"
---
