README.md, before:

![Web Developer Roadmap](http://i.imgur.com/GyvcunJ.png)

> Roadmap to becoming a web developer in 2017

Below you find a set of charts demonstrating the paths that you can take and the technologies that you would want to learn in order to become a frontend, backend or a devops guy. I made these charts for an old professor of mine who wanted something to share with his college students to give them a perspective.

If you think that these can be improved in anyway, please do suggest.

## Introduction

![](http://i.imgur.com/bHXFInv.png)

## Frontend Roadmap

![](http://i.imgur.com/6T7w8R7.png)

## Backend Roadmap

For the backend, personally I would prefer Node JS and PHP-7 for the full time plus I have been experimenting lately with Go and I quite like it. Apart from these, if I have to choose another one, I would go for Ruby. However this is just my personal preference, you can choose any of the shown languages and you will be good.

![](http://i.imgur.com/qtsfTz5.png)

## DevOps Roadmap

![](http://i.imgur.com/vhkh8Od.png)

Commit message:

Add contribution guide and license information

README.md, after:

![Web Developer Roadmap](http://i.imgur.com/GyvcunJ.png)

> Roadmap to becoming a web developer in 2017

Below you find a set of charts demonstrating the paths that you can take and the technologies that you would want to learn in order to become a frontend, backend or a devops guy. I made these charts for an old professor of mine who wanted something to share with his college students to give them a perspective.

If you think that these can be improved in anyway, please do suggest.

## Introduction

![](http://i.imgur.com/bHXFInv.png)

## Frontend Roadmap

![](http://i.imgur.com/6T7w8R7.png)

## Backend Roadmap

For the backend, personally I would prefer Node JS and PHP-7 for the full time plus I have been experimenting lately with Go and I quite like it. Apart from these, if I have to choose another one, I would go for Ruby. However this is just my personal preference, you can choose any of the shown languages and you will be good.

![](http://i.imgur.com/qtsfTz5.png)

## DevOps Roadmap

>Will be added any minute now.

<br>

## 🚦 Wrap Up

If you think any of the roadmaps can be improved, please do open a PR with any updates and submit any issues. Also, I will continue to improve this, so you might want to watch/star this repository to revisit.

## TODO

[] Add DevOps Roadmap (in progress)
[] Add relevant resources for each

## 👬 Contribution

- Report issues
- Open pull request with improvements
- Spread the word
- Reach out to me directly at kamranahmed.se@gmail.com or on twitter [@kamranahmedse](http://twitter.com/kamranahmedse)

## License
MIT © [Kamran Ahmed](http://kamranahmed.info)
