src/data/roadmaps/devrel/devrel.md, before:

---
renderer: 'editor'
jsonUrl: '/jsons/roadmaps/devrel.json'
pdfUrl: '/pdfs/roadmaps/devrel.pdf'
order: 20
briefTitle: 'DevRel Engineer'
briefDescription: 'Step by step guide to becoming a DevRel Engineer in 2024'
title: 'DevRel Engineer'
description: 'Step by step guide to becoming a DevRel Engineer in 2024'
hasTopics: true
isForkable: false
isNew: true
question:
  title: 'What is DevRel/Developer Relations?'
  description: |
    DevRel, short for Developer Relations, is a role that focuses on building relationships with developers and the developer community. DevRel professionals work to create a positive developer experience by providing technical resources, support, and advocacy. They often represent a company or organization at developer events, conferences, and online forums, and help developers understand and use the company's products and services. DevRel roles can vary widely depending on the organization, but typically involve a mix of technical expertise, communication skills, and community building.

    ## What does a DevRel Engineer do?
    Building relationships with developers and the developer community, creating technical resources and content, representing the company at events and conferences, providing support and advocacy for developers, and helping developers understand and use the company's products and services.
dimensions:
  width: 968
  height: 3550
schema:
  headline: 'DevRel Roadmap: What is DevRel Engineering?'
  description: 'Learn what DevRel is, what developer advocates do and how to become one using our community-driven roadmap.'
  imageUrl: 'https://roadmap.sh/roadmaps/devrel.png'
  datePublished: '2024-07-04'
  dateModified: '2024-07-04'
seo:
  title: 'DevRel Roadmap: What is DevRel Engineering?'
  description: 'Learn what DevRel is, what developer advocates do and how to become one using our community-driven roadmap.'
  keywords:
    - 'devrel roadmap 2024'
    - 'devrel enginer roadmap 2024'
    - 'devrel roadmap 2024'
    - 'guide to becoming a developer'
    - 'guide to becoming a devrel'
    - 'devrel roadmap'
    - 'devrel'
    - 'developer relations engineer'
    - 'devrel skills'
    - 'devrel'
    - 'javascript developer'
    - 'devrel skills'
    - 'devrel skills test'
    - 'developer relations roadmap'
    - 'devrel roadmap'
    - 'become a devrel'
    - 'devrel career path'
    - 'javascript developer'
    - 'modern javascript developer'
    - 'node developer'
    - 'skills for devrel'
    - 'learn devrel'
    - 'what is devrel'
    - 'devrel quiz'
    - 'devrel interview questions'
relatedRoadmaps:
  - 'frontend'
  - 'backend'
  - 'full-stack'
  - 'product-manager'
sitemap:
  priority: 1
  changefreq: 'monthly'
tags:
  - 'roadmap'
  - 'main-sitemap'
  - 'role-roadmap'
---

Commit message:

altered title and subtitle to reflect devloper advocate (#6026)

src/data/roadmaps/devrel/devrel.md, after:

---
renderer: 'editor'
jsonUrl: '/jsons/roadmaps/devrel.json'
pdfUrl: '/pdfs/roadmaps/devrel.pdf'
order: 20
briefTitle: 'Developer Relations'
briefDescription: 'Step by step guide to becoming a Developer Advocate in 2024'
title: 'Developer Relations'
description: 'Step by step guide to becoming a Developer Advocate in 2024'
hasTopics: true
isForkable: false
isNew: true
question:
  title: 'What is DevRel/Developer Relations?'
  description: |
    DevRel, short for Developer Relations, is a role that focuses on building relationships with developers and the developer community. DevRel professionals work to create a positive developer experience by providing technical resources, support, and advocacy. They often represent a company or organization at developer events, conferences, and online forums, and help developers understand and use the company's products and services. DevRel roles can vary widely depending on the organization, but typically involve a mix of technical expertise, communication skills, and community building.

    ## What does a Developer Advocate do?
    Building relationships with developers and the developer community, creating technical resources and content, representing the company at events and conferences, providing support and advocacy for developers, and helping developers understand and use the company's products and services.
dimensions:
  width: 968
  height: 3550
schema:
  headline: 'DevRel Roadmap: What is DevRel Engineering?'
  description: 'Learn what DevRel is, what developer advocates do and how to become one using our community-driven roadmap.'
  imageUrl: 'https://roadmap.sh/roadmaps/devrel.png'
  datePublished: '2024-07-04'
  dateModified: '2024-07-04'
seo:
  title: 'DevRel Roadmap: What is DevRel Engineering?'
  description: 'Learn what DevRel is, what developer advocates do and how to become one using our community-driven roadmap.'
  keywords:
    - 'devrel roadmap 2024'
    - 'devrel enginer roadmap 2024'
    - 'devrel roadmap 2024'
    - 'guide to becoming a developer'
    - 'guide to becoming a devrel'
    - 'devrel roadmap'
    - 'devrel'
    - 'developer relations engineer'
    - 'devrel skills'
    - 'devrel'
    - 'javascript developer'
    - 'devrel skills'
    - 'devrel skills test'
    - 'developer relations roadmap'
    - 'devrel roadmap'
    - 'become a devrel'
    - 'devrel career path'
    - 'javascript developer'
    - 'modern javascript developer'
    - 'node developer'
    - 'skills for devrel'
    - 'learn devrel'
    - 'what is devrel'
    - 'devrel quiz'
    - 'devrel interview questions'
    - 'developer advocate'
relatedRoadmaps:
  - 'frontend'
  - 'backend'
  - 'full-stack'
  - 'product-manager'
sitemap:
  priority: 1
  changefreq: 'monthly'
tags:
  - 'roadmap'
  - 'main-sitemap'
  - 'role-roadmap'
---
