src/roadmaps/frontend/frontend.md, before:

---
jsonUrl: "/jsons/frontend.json"
pdfUrl: "/pdfs/frontend.pdf"
order: 1
featuredTitle: "Frontend"
featuredDescription: "Step by step guide to becoming a frontend developer in 2023"
title: "Frontend Developer"
description: "Step by step guide to becoming a modern frontend developer in 2023"
hasTopics: true
dimensions:
  width: 968
  height: 2734.48
seo:
  title: "Frontend Developer Roadmap"
  description: "Learn to become a modern frontend developer using this roadmap. Community driven, articles, resources, guides, interview questions, quizzes for modern frontend development."
  keywords:
    - "javascript roadmap 2023"
    - "frontend roadmap 2023"
    - "frontend developer roadmap 2023"
    - "guide to becoming a developer"
    - "guide to becoming a frontend developer"
    - "frontend developer"
    - "frontend engineer"
    - "frontend skills"
    - "frontend development"
    - "javascript developer"
    - "frontend development skills"
    - "frontend development skills test"
    - "frontend roadmap"
    - "frontend engineer roadmap"
    - "frontend developer roadmap"
    - "become a frontend developer"
    - "frontend developer career path"
    - "javascript developer"
    - "modern javascript developer"
    - "node developer"
    - "skills for frontend development"
    - "learn frontend development"
    - "what is frontend development"
    - "frontend developer quiz"
    - "frontend developer interview questions"
relatedRoadmaps:
  - "javascript"
  - "nodejs"
  - "react"
  - "angular"
  - "vue"
  - "design-system"
sitemap:
  priority: 1
  changefreq: "monthly"
tags:
  - "roadmap"
  - "main-sitemap"
  - "role-roadmap"
---

Commit message:

Add json-ld schema to frontend/backend roadmaps

src/roadmaps/frontend/frontend.md, after:

---
jsonUrl: "/jsons/frontend.json"
pdfUrl: "/pdfs/frontend.pdf"
order: 1
featuredTitle: "Frontend"
featuredDescription: "Step by step guide to becoming a frontend developer in 2023"
title: "Frontend Developer"
description: "Step by step guide to becoming a modern frontend developer in 2023"
hasTopics: true
dimensions:
  width: 968
  height: 2734.48
schema:
  headline: "Frontend Developer Roadmap"
  description: "Learn how to become a Frontend Developer with this interactive step by step guide in 2023. We also have resources and short descriptions attached to the roadmap items so you can get everything you want to learn in one place."
  imageUrl: "https://roadmap.sh/roadmaps/frontend.png"
  datePublished: "2023-01-05"
  dateModified: "2023-01-20"
seo:
  title: "Frontend Developer Roadmap"
  description: "Learn to become a modern frontend developer using this roadmap. Community driven, articles, resources, guides, interview questions, quizzes for modern frontend development."
  keywords:
    - "javascript roadmap 2023"
    - "frontend roadmap 2023"
    - "frontend developer roadmap 2023"
    - "guide to becoming a developer"
    - "guide to becoming a frontend developer"
    - "frontend developer"
    - "frontend engineer"
    - "frontend skills"
    - "frontend development"
    - "javascript developer"
    - "frontend development skills"
    - "frontend development skills test"
    - "frontend roadmap"
    - "frontend engineer roadmap"
    - "frontend developer roadmap"
    - "become a frontend developer"
    - "frontend developer career path"
    - "javascript developer"
    - "modern javascript developer"
    - "node developer"
    - "skills for frontend development"
    - "learn frontend development"
    - "what is frontend development"
    - "frontend developer quiz"
    - "frontend developer interview questions"
relatedRoadmaps:
  - "javascript"
  - "nodejs"
  - "react"
  - "angular"
  - "vue"
  - "design-system"
sitemap:
  priority: 1
  changefreq: "monthly"
tags:
  - "roadmap"
  - "main-sitemap"
  - "role-roadmap"
---
