src/data/roadmaps/rust/content/100-introduction/102-memory-safety.md, before:

# Memory Safety and Zero-Cost Abstractions

Rust, a systems programming language that runs blazingly fast, prevents segfaults, and guarantees thread safety. It is graced with the feature of "memory safety without garbage collection", an attribute that makes Rust one of its kind. Memory safety is ensuring that software, while accessing the system's memory, is not causing any leaks, or dangling pointers. In Rust, memory safety is accomplished through a system of ownership with a set of rules that the compiler checks at compile time. This system eliminates the need of garbage collection or manual memory management, hence ensuring swift execution of software along with a safer memory environment. This memory management feature in Rust even provides concurrent programming guaranteeing thread safety with options for shared and mutable state access that makes it harder to cause thread unsafety.

<!-- Adding content on Zero-cost Abstraction -->

Zero cost abstraction is another key feature of Rust. In general, abstractions in programming languages allow code to be written at a high level (like in Python), while being able to run at a low level (like in C). However, these abstractions often come with a runtime cost. Rust aims to provide abstractions that are as fast as writing the code manually at a low level. This means you can write high-level code, and the Rust compiler will optimize it to run as fast as manually written low-level code.

Commit message:

Typo/grammar fixes plus copy edits for Rust roadmap (19 files) (#5906)
* Fix typos Rust/100-integers.md

* Grammatical clarity Rust/101-why-rust.md

* Sentence restructuring for Rust/102-memory-safety.md

* Additional linker explanation for newbies, Rust/103-installing-rust.md

* Wording changes, Rust/103-installing-rust.md

* "tools for debugging" -> "debugging tools" Rust/104-ides-and-rust.md

* Small clarity change Rust/105-rust-repl.md

* "systems" -> "system" (for consistency), Rust/101-why-rust.md

* Clarity, Rust/101-variables.md

* Small sentence edits, Rust/102-control-flow.md

* Another small edit, 102-control-flow.md

* Small changes + added `return` keyword info, Rust/103-functions.md

* Rust/103-functions.md

* Clarity/grammar for Rust/104-pattern-matching.md

* Sentence flow + prose about pattern matching, Rust/100-syntax/index.md

* Wording/paragraph improvements, Rust/100-syntax/index.md

* List-ified, italics-ified for Rust/101-ownership/100-rules.md

* Small changes + bullets for Rust/102-stack-heap.md

* List-ify + small clarity improvements, Rust/101-ownership/index.md

* Sentence flow & clarity for Rust/102-constructs/100-enums.md

* Rewrite of Rust/100-enums.md

* a -> an

* List-ify and small edits for Rust/101-structs.md

* Bold some stuff in Rust/101-structs.md

* Small rewrite for Rust/102-traits.md

* Rewrite Rust/103-impl-blocks.md

* List-ify + clarity edits for Rust/102-constructs/index.md

* More data types explanation for Rust/102-constructs/index.md

* define -> declare

* Update index.md

* Unbolded “traits”

* Unbolded “enum” + replaced em-dashes with commas

* “Rust is a system…”

* Replaced em-dashes with commas

* Update 102-control-flow.md

Replaced more em-dashes with commas

* Unbold “struct”

* Unbold “constructs”

src/data/roadmaps/rust/content/100-introduction/102-memory-safety.md, after:

# Memory Safety and Zero-Cost Abstractions

Rust is a system programming language that runs blazingly fast, prevents segfaults, and guarantees thread safety. It is graced with the feature of "memory safety without garbage collection," an attribute that makes Rust one of a kind. "Memory safety" is ensuring that software is not causing any memory leaks or dangling pointers while accessing the system's memory. In Rust, memory safety is accomplished through a system called ownership, with a set of rules that the compiler checks at compile time. This ownership system eliminates the need for garbage collection or manual memory management, thus ensuring swift execution of software and a safer memory environment. Rust's memory management features even support concurrent programming, providing options for shared and mutable state access that ensure thread safety while reducing the risk of thread unsafety.

<!-- Adding content on Zero-cost Abstraction -->

Zero-cost abstraction is another key concept Rust implements. In general, abstractions in programming languages allow code to be written at a high level (like in Python), while being able to run at a low level (like in C). However, these abstractions often come with a runtime cost. In contrast, Rust aims to provide many useful abstractions, such as iterators and closures, that don't sacrifice runtime performance. This means you can write high-level code in Rust, and the Rust compiler will optimize it to run as fast as manually written low-level code.
