content/roadmaps/101-backend/content/103-learn-a-language/105-javascript.md, before:

# JavaScript

JavaScript allows you to add interactivity to your pages. Common examples that you may have seen on the websites are sliders, click interactions, popups and so on. Apart from being used on the frontend in browsers, there is Node.js which is an open-source, cross-platform, back-end JavaScript runtime environment that runs on the V8 engine and executes JavaScript code outside a web browser.

<ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>

<BadgeLink badgeText='Read' colorScheme="yellow" href='https://www.w3schools.com/js/'>W3Schools – JavaScript Tutorial</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink badgeText='Read' colorScheme="yellow" href='https://javascript.info/'>The Modern JavaScript Tutorial</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink badgeText='Read' colorScheme='yellow' href='https://eloquentjavascript.net/'>Eloquent Javascript - Book</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink badgeText='Watch' href='https://youtu.be/hdI2bqOjy3c'>JavaScript Crash Course for Beginners</BadgeLink>

<BadgeLink badgeText='Watch' href='https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fBNz5xF-Kx4'>Node.js Crash Course</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink badgeText='Watch' href='https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlB_eWDSMt4'>Node.js Tutorial for Beginners</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink badgeText='Course' colorScheme='green' href='https://www.codecademy.com/learn/introduction-to-javascript'>Codecademy - Learn JavaScript</BadgeLink>

Commit message:

Add JavaScript definition (#1467)
* Update 105-javascript.md

Added a clear and more suitable description of  what NodeJS does.

* Update content/roadmaps/101-backend/content/103-learn-a-language/105-javascript.md

Co-authored-by: Kamran Ahmed <kamranahmed.se@gmail.com>

content/roadmaps/101-backend/content/103-learn-a-language/105-javascript.md, after:

# JavaScript

JavaScript, often abbreviated JS, is a programming language that is one of the core technologies of the World Wide Web, alongside HTML and CSS. It lets us add interactivity to pages e.g. you might have seen sliders, alerts, click interactions, and popups etc on different websites -- all of that is built using JavaScript. Apart from being used in the browser, it is also used in other non-browser environments as well such as Node.js for writing server-side code in JavaScript, Electron for writing desktop applications, React Native for mobile applications and so on.


<ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>

<BadgeLink badgeText='Read' colorScheme="yellow" href='https://www.w3schools.com/js/'>W3Schools – JavaScript Tutorial</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink badgeText='Read' colorScheme="yellow" href='https://javascript.info/'>The Modern JavaScript Tutorial</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink badgeText='Read' colorScheme='yellow' href='https://eloquentjavascript.net/'>Eloquent Javascript - Book</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink badgeText='Watch' href='https://youtu.be/hdI2bqOjy3c'>JavaScript Crash Course for Beginners</BadgeLink>

<BadgeLink badgeText='Watch' href='https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fBNz5xF-Kx4'>Node.js Crash Course</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink badgeText='Watch' href='https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlB_eWDSMt4'>Node.js Tutorial for Beginners</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink badgeText='Course' colorScheme='green' href='https://www.codecademy.com/learn/introduction-to-javascript'>Codecademy - Learn JavaScript</BadgeLink>
