src/data/roadmaps/java/content/100-java-fundamentals/index.md, before:

# Java Fundamentals

Java is a programming language and computing platform first released by Sun Microsystems in 1995. Java is a general-purpose, class-based, object-oriented programming language designed for having lesser implementation dependencies. It is a computing platform for application development. Java is fast, secure, and reliable. Therefore, it is widely used for developing Java applications in laptops, data centers, game consoles, scientific supercomputers, cell phones, etc.

Learn about the fundamentals of Java such as basic syntax, data types, variables, conditionals, functions, data structures, packages, etc.

Visit the following resources to learn more:

- [@article@Java Basics - W3Schools](https://www.w3schools.com/java/)
- [@video@Java Tutorial for Beginners](https://youtu.be/eIrMbAQSU34)
- [@video@Java + DSA + Interview Preparation Course (For beginners)](https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PL9gnSGHSqcnr_DxHsP7AW9ftq0AtAyYqJ)
- [@article@Head First Java](https://www.amazon.co.uk/Head-First-Java-3rd-Brain-Friendly/dp/1491910771)
- [@article@Thinking in Java](https://www.amazon.co.uk/Thinking-Java-Eckel-Bruce-February/dp/B00IBON6C6)
- [@article@Effective Java](https://www.amazon.com/Effective-Java-Joshua-Bloch/dp/0134685997)
- [@article@Java: A Beginners Guide](https://www.amazon.co.uk/Java-Beginners-Guide-Herbert-Schildt/dp/1260463559)
- [@article@Java: The Complete Reference](https://www.amazon.co.uk/gp/product/B09JL8BMK7/ref=dbs_a_def_rwt_bibl_vppi_i2)
- [@feed@Explore top posts about Java](https://app.daily.dev/tags/java?ref=roadmapsh)

Commit message:

Added Hyperskill as course in Java Fundamentals (#6167)
* Added video URL on Product Management Discovery content page

* Added Hyperskill as course in Java Fundamentals

src/data/roadmaps/java/content/100-java-fundamentals/index.md, after:

# Java Fundamentals

Java is a programming language and computing platform first released by Sun Microsystems in 1995. Java is a general-purpose, class-based, object-oriented programming language designed for having lesser implementation dependencies. It is a computing platform for application development. Java is fast, secure, and reliable. Therefore, it is widely used for developing Java applications in laptops, data centers, game consoles, scientific supercomputers, cell phones, etc.

Learn about the fundamentals of Java such as basic syntax, data types, variables, conditionals, functions, data structures, packages, etc.

Visit the following resources to learn more:

- [@article@Java Basics - W3Schools](https://www.w3schools.com/java/)
- [@video@Java Tutorial for Beginners](https://youtu.be/eIrMbAQSU34)
- [@video@Java + DSA + Interview Preparation Course (For beginners)](https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PL9gnSGHSqcnr_DxHsP7AW9ftq0AtAyYqJ)
- [@article@Head First Java](https://www.amazon.co.uk/Head-First-Java-3rd-Brain-Friendly/dp/1491910771)
- [@article@Thinking in Java](https://www.amazon.co.uk/Thinking-Java-Eckel-Bruce-February/dp/B00IBON6C6)
- [@article@Effective Java](https://www.amazon.com/Effective-Java-Joshua-Bloch/dp/0134685997)
- [@article@Java: A Beginners Guide](https://www.amazon.co.uk/Java-Beginners-Guide-Herbert-Schildt/dp/1260463559)
- [@article@Java: The Complete Reference](https://www.amazon.co.uk/gp/product/B09JL8BMK7/ref=dbs_a_def_rwt_bibl_vppi_i2)
- [@course@Introduction to Java by Hyperskill (JetBrains Academy)](https://hyperskill.org/tracks/8)
- [@feed@Explore top posts about Java](https://app.daily.dev/tags/java?ref=roadmapsh)
