src/roadmaps/devops/devops.md, before:

---
jsonUrl: "/jsons/devops.json"
pdfUrl: "/pdfs/devops.pdf"
order: 3
featuredTitle: "DevOps"
featuredDescription: "Step by step guide for DevOps or operations role in 2023"
title: "DevOps Roadmap"
description: "Step by step guide for DevOps, SRE or any other Operations Role in 2023"
hasTopics: true
dimensions:
  width: 968
  height: 2527.46
seo:
  title: "DevOps Roadmap: Learn to become a DevOps Engineer or SRE"
  description: "Community driven, articles, resources, guides, interview questions, quizzes for DevOps. Learn to become a modern DevOps engineer by following the steps, skills, resources and guides listed in this roadmap."
  keywords:
    - "devops roadmap 2023"
    - "sre roadmap 2023"
    - "operations roadmap 2023"
    - "guide to becoming a devops engineer"
    - "devops roadmap"
    - "sre roadmap"
    - "site reliability engineer roadmap"
    - "operations roles"
    - "become devops"
    - "devops skills"
    - "modern devops skills"
    - "devops skills test"
    - "skills for devops"
    - "learn devops"
    - "what is devops"
    - "what is sre"
    - "devops quiz"
    - "devops interview questions"
relatedRoadmaps:
  - "backend"
  - "python"
  - "java"
  - "golang"
  - "javascript"
  - "nodejs"
sitemap:
  priority: 1
  changefreq: "monthly"
tags:
  - "roadmap"
  - "main-sitemap"
  - "role-roadmap"
---

Commit message:

Add terms and privacy pages and sponsor

src/roadmaps/devops/devops.md, after:

---
jsonUrl: "/jsons/devops.json"
pdfUrl: "/pdfs/devops.pdf"
order: 3
featuredTitle: "DevOps"
featuredDescription: "Step by step guide for DevOps or operations role in 2023"
title: "DevOps Roadmap"
description: "Step by step guide for DevOps, SRE or any other Operations Role in 2023"
hasTopics: true
sponsor:
  url: "https://www.stormforge.io/ebook/getting-started-kubernetes-resource-management-optimization/?utm_medium=referral&utm_source=roadmap-sh&utm_campaign=ebook_get-started-k8s-resource-mgmt"
  imageUrl: "https://i.imgur.com/uNJWl4L.png"
  title: "Free Kubernetes eBook"
  description: "Learn how to manage and optimize Kubernetes resources with this free eBook."
dimensions:
  width: 968
  height: 2527.46
seo:
  title: "DevOps Roadmap: Learn to become a DevOps Engineer or SRE"
  description: "Community driven, articles, resources, guides, interview questions, quizzes for DevOps. Learn to become a modern DevOps engineer by following the steps, skills, resources and guides listed in this roadmap."
  keywords:
    - "devops roadmap 2023"
    - "sre roadmap 2023"
    - "operations roadmap 2023"
    - "guide to becoming a devops engineer"
    - "devops roadmap"
    - "sre roadmap"
    - "site reliability engineer roadmap"
    - "operations roles"
    - "become devops"
    - "devops skills"
    - "modern devops skills"
    - "devops skills test"
    - "skills for devops"
    - "learn devops"
    - "what is devops"
    - "what is sre"
    - "devops quiz"
    - "devops interview questions"
relatedRoadmaps:
  - "backend"
  - "python"
  - "java"
  - "golang"
  - "javascript"
  - "nodejs"
sitemap:
  priority: 1
  changefreq: "monthly"
tags:
  - "roadmap"
  - "main-sitemap"
  - "role-roadmap"
---
