src/roadmaps/react/react.md, before:

---
jsonUrl: "/jsons/react.json"
pdfUrl: "/pdfs/react.pdf"
order: 2
featuredTitle: "React"
featuredDescription: "Step by step guide to become a React Developer in 2023"
title: "React Developer"
description: "Everything that is there to learn about React and the ecosystem in 2023."
hasTopics: true
dimensions:
  width: 968
  height: 1570.26
seo:
  title: "React Developer Roadmap: Learn to become a React developer"
  description: "Community driven, articles, resources, guides, interview questions, quizzes for react development. Learn to become a modern React developer by following the steps, skills, resources and guides listed in this roadmap."
  keywords:
    - "react roadmap 2023"
    - "react developer roadmap 2023"
    - "guide to becoming a react developer"
    - "react developer roadmap"
    - "react roadmap"
    - "become react developer"
    - "react developer skills"
    - "react skills test"
    - "skills for react development"
    - "learn react development"
    - "what is react"
    - "react quiz"
    - "react interview questions"
relatedRoadmaps:
  - "frontend"
  - "javascript"
  - "angular"
  - "vue"
  - "nodejs"
  - "design-system"
sitemap:
  priority: 1
  changefreq: "monthly"
tags:
  - "roadmap"
  - "main-sitemap"
  - "skill-roadmap"
---

Commit message:

Add json-ld schema to all roadmaps

src/roadmaps/react/react.md, after:

---
jsonUrl: "/jsons/react.json"
pdfUrl: "/pdfs/react.pdf"
order: 2
featuredTitle: "React"
featuredDescription: "Step by step guide to become a React Developer in 2023"
title: "React Developer"
description: "Everything that is there to learn about React and the ecosystem in 2023."
hasTopics: true
dimensions:
  width: 968
  height: 1570.26
schema:
  headline: "React Developer Roadmap"
  description: "Learn to become a React developer with this interactive step by step guide in 2023. We also have resources and short descriptions attached to the roadmap items so you can get everything you want to learn in one place."
  imageUrl: "https://roadmap.sh/roadmaps/react.png"
  datePublished: "2023-01-05"
  dateModified: "2023-01-20"
seo:
  title: "React Developer Roadmap: Learn to become a React developer"
  description: "Community driven, articles, resources, guides, interview questions, quizzes for react development. Learn to become a modern React developer by following the steps, skills, resources and guides listed in this roadmap."
  keywords:
    - "react roadmap 2023"
    - "react developer roadmap 2023"
    - "guide to becoming a react developer"
    - "react developer roadmap"
    - "react roadmap"
    - "become react developer"
    - "react developer skills"
    - "react skills test"
    - "skills for react development"
    - "learn react development"
    - "what is react"
    - "react quiz"
    - "react interview questions"
relatedRoadmaps:
  - "frontend"
  - "javascript"
  - "angular"
  - "vue"
  - "nodejs"
  - "design-system"
sitemap:
  priority: 1
  changefreq: "monthly"
tags:
  - "roadmap"
  - "main-sitemap"
  - "skill-roadmap"
---
