src/data/roadmaps/backend/backend.md, before:

---
jsonUrl: "/jsons/roadmaps/backend.json"
pdfUrl: "/pdfs/roadmaps/backend.pdf"
order: 2
briefTitle: "Backend"
briefDescription: "Step by step guide to becoming a backend developer in 2023"
title: "Backend Developer"
description: "Step by step guide to becoming a modern backend developer in 2023"
hasTopics: true
tnsBannerLink: "https://thenewstack.io?utm_source=roadmap.sh&utm_medium=Referral&utm_campaign=Alert"
dimensions:
  width: 968
  height: 2840.4
sponsor:
  url: "https://bit.ly/3mcwVVQ"
  title: "Fermyon Cloud"
  imageUrl: "https://i.imgur.com/0KFbxGz.png"
  description: "Go from blinking cursor to deployed serverless app in 66 seconds with Fermyon Cloud."
  event:
    category: "SponsorClick"
    action: "Ambassador Product Redirect"
    label: "Clicked Ambassador Product Link"
schema:
  headline: "Backend Developer Roadmap"
  description: "Learn how to become a Backend Developer with this interactive step by step guide in 2023. We also have resources and short descriptions attached to the roadmap items so you can get everything you want to learn in one place."
  imageUrl: "https://roadmap.sh/roadmaps/backend.png"
  datePublished: "2023-01-05"
  dateModified: "2023-01-20"
seo:
  title: "Backend Developer Roadmap"
  description: "Learn to become a modern backend developer using this roadmap. Community driven, articles, resources, guides, interview questions, quizzes for modern backend development."
  keywords:
    - "backend roadmap 2023"
    - "backend developer roadmap 2023"
    - "guide to becoming a developer"
    - "guide to becoming a backend developer"
    - "backend roadmap"
    - "backend developer"
    - "backend engineer"
    - "backend skills"
    - "backend development"
    - "javascript developer"
    - "backend development skills"
    - "backend development skills test"
    - "backend engineer roadmap"
    - "backend developer roadmap"
    - "become a backend developer"
    - "backend developer career path"
    - "javascript developer"
    - "modern javascript developer"
    - "node developer"
    - "skills for backend development"
    - "learn backend development"
    - "what is backend development"
    - "backend developer quiz"
    - "backend developer interview questions"
relatedRoadmaps:
  - "python"
  - "java"
  - "golang"
  - "devops"
  - "javascript"
  - "nodejs"
  - "postgresql-dba"
sitemap:
  priority: 1
  changefreq: "monthly"
tags:
  - "roadmap"
  - "main-sitemap"
  - "role-roadmap"
---

Commit message:

Update backend, js and python

src/data/roadmaps/backend/backend.md, after:

---
jsonUrl: "/jsons/roadmaps/backend.json"
pdfUrl: "/pdfs/roadmaps/backend.pdf"
order: 2
briefTitle: "Backend"
briefDescription: "Step by step guide to becoming a backend developer in 2023"
title: "Backend Developer"
description: "Step by step guide to becoming a modern backend developer in 2023"
hasTopics: true
tnsBannerLink: "https://thenewstack.io?utm_source=roadmap.sh&utm_medium=Referral&utm_campaign=Alert"
dimensions:
  width: 968
  height: 2840.4
sponsor:
  url: "https://www.fermyon.com/spin?utm_source=backend&utm_medium=banner&utm_campaign=roadmap-sh"
  title: "Severless Backend Apps"
  imageUrl: "https://i.imgur.com/2ONZopb.jpg"
  description: "Go from blinking cursor to deployed serverless Backend apps in 66 seconds with Fermyon Cloud."
  event:
    category: "SponsorClick"
    action: "Ambassador Product Redirect"
    label: "Clicked Ambassador Product Link"
schema:
  headline: "Backend Developer Roadmap"
  description: "Learn how to become a Backend Developer with this interactive step by step guide in 2023. We also have resources and short descriptions attached to the roadmap items so you can get everything you want to learn in one place."
  imageUrl: "https://roadmap.sh/roadmaps/backend.png"
  datePublished: "2023-01-05"
  dateModified: "2023-01-20"
seo:
  title: "Backend Developer Roadmap"
  description: "Learn to become a modern backend developer using this roadmap. Community driven, articles, resources, guides, interview questions, quizzes for modern backend development."
  keywords:
    - "backend roadmap 2023"
    - "backend developer roadmap 2023"
    - "guide to becoming a developer"
    - "guide to becoming a backend developer"
    - "backend roadmap"
    - "backend developer"
    - "backend engineer"
    - "backend skills"
    - "backend development"
    - "javascript developer"
    - "backend development skills"
    - "backend development skills test"
    - "backend engineer roadmap"
    - "backend developer roadmap"
    - "become a backend developer"
    - "backend developer career path"
    - "javascript developer"
    - "modern javascript developer"
    - "node developer"
    - "skills for backend development"
    - "learn backend development"
    - "what is backend development"
    - "backend developer quiz"
    - "backend developer interview questions"
relatedRoadmaps:
  - "python"
  - "java"
  - "golang"
  - "devops"
  - "javascript"
  - "nodejs"
  - "postgresql-dba"
sitemap:
  priority: 1
  changefreq: "monthly"
tags:
  - "roadmap"
  - "main-sitemap"
  - "role-roadmap"
---
