src/roadmaps/blockchain/blockchain.md, before:

---
jsonUrl: "/jsons/blockchain.json"
pdfUrl: "/pdfs/blockchain.pdf"
order: 6
featuredTitle: "Blockchain"
featuredDescription: "Step by step guide to becoming a blockchain developer in 2023"
title: "Blockchain Developer"
description: "Step by step guide to becoming a blockchain developer in 2023."
isNew: true
hasTopics: true
dimensions:
  width: 968
  height: 2173.87
seo:
  title: "Blockchain Developer Roadmap: Learn to become a blockchain developer"
  description: "Learn to become a blockchain developer using this roadmap. Community driven, articles, resources, guides, interview questions, quizzes for modern backend development."
  keywords:
    - "blockchain roadmap 2023"
    - "web3 developer roadmap"
    - "web3 developer roadmap 2023"
    - "web3 roadmap"
    - "blockchain developer roadmap 2023"
    - "guide to becoming a blockchain developer"
    - "guide to becoming a blockchain developer"
    - "blockchain roadmap"
    - "blockchain developer"
    - "blockchain engineer"
    - "blockchain skills"
    - "blockchain development"
    - "javascript developer"
    - "blockchain development skills"
    - "blockchain development skills test"
    - "blockchain engineer roadmap"
    - "blockchain developer roadmap"
    - "become a blockchain developer"
    - "blockchain developer career path"
    - "javascript developer"
    - "modern javascript developer"
    - "node developer"
    - "skills for blockchain development"
    - "learn blockchain development"
    - "what is blockchain development"
    - "blockchain developer quiz"
    - "blockchain developer interview questions"
relatedRoadmaps:
  - "frontend"
  - "backend"
  - "javascript"
  - "nodejs"
  - "react"
  - "vue"
  - "angular"
sitemap:
  priority: 1
  changefreq: "monthly"
tags:
  - "roadmap"
  - "main-sitemap"
  - "role-roadmap"
---

Commit message:

Add json-ld schema to all roadmaps

src/roadmaps/blockchain/blockchain.md, after:

---
jsonUrl: "/jsons/blockchain.json"
pdfUrl: "/pdfs/blockchain.pdf"
order: 6
featuredTitle: "Blockchain"
featuredDescription: "Step by step guide to becoming a blockchain developer in 2023"
title: "Blockchain Developer"
description: "Step by step guide to becoming a blockchain developer in 2023."
isNew: true
hasTopics: true
dimensions:
  width: 968
  height: 2173.87
schema:
  headline: "Blockchain Developer Roadmap"
  description: "Learn how to become a Blockchain Developer with this interactive step by step guide in 2023. We also have resources and short descriptions attached to the roadmap items so you can get everything you want to learn in one place."
  imageUrl: "https://roadmap.sh/roadmaps/blockchain.png"
  datePublished: "2023-01-05"
  dateModified: "2023-01-20"
seo:
  title: "Blockchain Developer Roadmap: Learn to become a blockchain developer"
  description: "Learn to become a blockchain developer using this roadmap. Community driven, articles, resources, guides, interview questions, quizzes for modern backend development."
  keywords:
    - "blockchain roadmap 2023"
    - "web3 developer roadmap"
    - "web3 developer roadmap 2023"
    - "web3 roadmap"
    - "blockchain developer roadmap 2023"
    - "guide to becoming a blockchain developer"
    - "guide to becoming a blockchain developer"
    - "blockchain roadmap"
    - "blockchain developer"
    - "blockchain engineer"
    - "blockchain skills"
    - "blockchain development"
    - "javascript developer"
    - "blockchain development skills"
    - "blockchain development skills test"
    - "blockchain engineer roadmap"
    - "blockchain developer roadmap"
    - "become a blockchain developer"
    - "blockchain developer career path"
    - "javascript developer"
    - "modern javascript developer"
    - "node developer"
    - "skills for blockchain development"
    - "learn blockchain development"
    - "what is blockchain development"
    - "blockchain developer quiz"
    - "blockchain developer interview questions"
relatedRoadmaps:
  - "frontend"
  - "backend"
  - "javascript"
  - "nodejs"
  - "react"
  - "vue"
  - "angular"
sitemap:
  priority: 1
  changefreq: "monthly"
tags:
  - "roadmap"
  - "main-sitemap"
  - "role-roadmap"
---
