src/data/roadmaps/linux/content/101-editing-files/100-vim.md, before:

# Vim: An Essential Tool for Editing Files 

Vim, an acronym for 'Vi Improved', is a highly configurable and complex text editor built to enable efficient text editing in Linux environments. It is an improved version of the 'vi' editor, a standard text editor that comes with a UNIX operating system. While learning Vim can have a steep learning curve, its powerful features allow users to accomplish tasks more quickly than with many other text editors. 

One of the key reasons that make Vim popular among developers is its ability to handle large files adeptly, having a less memory footprint. Moreover, it operates in different modes such as 'command mode', 'insert mode', and 'visual mode' which eases the process of editing files. 

Although the challenge of learning Vim may seem daunting, it is a fundamental tool for anyone seeking mastery in the Linux environment. 

A simple use of Vim to edit a 'example.txt' file would look like this:
```bash
vim example.txt
```

To insert new content, press 'i' for 'insert mode'. After editing, press 'ESC' to go back to 'command mode', and type ':wq' to save and quit.

Commit message:

Update content of Linux fundamentals (#6190)

src/data/roadmaps/linux/content/101-editing-files/100-vim.md, after:

# Vim: An Essential Tool for Editing Files

Vim (Vi Improved) is a powerful and flexible text editor used in Unix-like systems. It builds on the original Vi editor with additional features and improvements, including multi-level undo, syntax highlighting, and an extensive set of commands for text manipulation.
<br>
Vim operates primarily in three modes:

- Normal (for navigation and manipulation).
- Insert (for editing text).
- Command (for executing commands).

A simple use of Vim to edit a 'example.txt' file would look like this:

```bash
vim example.txt
```

To insert new content, press 'i' for 'insert mode'. After editing, press 'ESC' to go back to 'command mode', and type ':wq' to save and quit.

To learn more, visit this:
<br>
Check out this [Github repo](https://github.com/iggredible/Learn-Vim?tab=readme-ov-file) on Vim from basic to advanced.

- [@article@Learn Vim Progressively](https://yannesposito.com/Scratch/en/blog/Learn-Vim-Progressively/)
- [@video@Vim basics](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wACD8WEnImo&list=PLT98CRl2KxKHy4A5N70jMRYAROzzC2a6x&ab_channel=LearnLinuxTV)
- [@article@Platform to practice Vim](https://vim-adventures.com/)
