src/data/roadmaps/linux/content/101-editing-files/101-nano.md, before:

# Nano: A File Editing Tool 

Nano is a popular, user-friendly text editor used for creating and editing files directly within the Linux command line interface (CLI). It is an alternative to editors like Vi and Emacs and is considered more straightforward for beginners due to its simple and intuitive interface.

Nano comes pre-installed with many Linux distributions and can be used for various tasks, such as writing scripts, editing configuration files, or taking quick notes. With its interactive command line interface, Nano offers a unique blend of usability and functionality.

To use Nano to edit or create files in Linux, the following command can be used:

```bash
nano filename
```

This command opens the named file or creates a new one if it doesn't exist yet. All the editing is done within the terminal itself. While using Nano, the command options are always visible at the bottom of the screen, making it an excellent choice for Linux beginners or those preferring straightforward text editing tools.

Commit message:

Update content of Linux fundamentals (#6190)

src/data/roadmaps/linux/content/101-editing-files/101-nano.md, after:

# Nano: A File Editing Tool 

Nano is a popular, user-friendly text editor used for creating and editing files directly within the Linux command line interface (CLI). It is an alternative to editors like `Vi` and `Emacs` and is considered more straightforward for beginners due to its simple and intuitive interface.

Nano comes pre-installed with many Linux distributions but if it's not installed, here's how to do it for popular Linux distributions.

```bash
# Ubuntu based distributions
sudo apt update
sudo apt install nano

```
```bash
# Arch Linux 
sudo pacman -S nano
```
To use Nano to edit or create files in Linux, the following command can be used:

```bash
nano filename
```
Visit the following resources to learn more: 

- [@article@Blog on nano](https://ioflood.com/blog/nano-linux-command/)
- [@article@Nano-text-editor](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/nano-text-editor-in-linux/)
- [@video@Nano editor fundamentals](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gyKiDczLIZ4&ab_channel=HackerSploit)
