src/roadmaps/computer-science/computer-science.md, before:

---
jsonUrl: "/jsons/computer-science.json"
pdfUrl: "/pdfs/computer-science.pdf"
order: 1
featuredTitle: "Computer Science"
featuredDescription: "Curriculum with free resources for a self-taught developer."
title: "Computer Science"
description: "Computer Science curriculum with free resources for a self-taught developer."
isNew: true
hasTopics: true
dimensions:
  width: 968
  height: 3009.05
seo:
  title: "Computer Science Roadmap: Curriculum for the self taught developer"
  description: "Computer Science study plan with free resources for the self-taught and bootcamp grads wanting to learn Computer Science."
  keywords:
    - "computer science roadmap"
    - "computer science"
    - "computer science roadmap 2023"
    - "guide to computer science"
    - "software engineer roadmap"
    - "software engineer roadmap 2023"
    - "self-taught computer science roadmap"
    - "computer science skills"
    - "computer science skills test"
    - "cs roadmap"
    - "computer science curriculum"
    - "cs curriculum"
    - "skills for computer science"
    - "what is computer science"
    - "computer science quiz"
    - "computer science interview questions"
relatedRoadmaps:
  - "frontend"
  - "backend"
  - "devops"
  - "software-design-architecture"
sitemap:
  priority: 1
  changefreq: "monthly"
tags:
  - "roadmap"
  - "main-sitemap"
  - "skill-roadmap"
---

Commit message:

Add json-ld schema to all roadmaps

src/roadmaps/computer-science/computer-science.md, after:

---
jsonUrl: "/jsons/computer-science.json"
pdfUrl: "/pdfs/computer-science.pdf"
order: 1
featuredTitle: "Computer Science"
featuredDescription: "Curriculum with free resources for a self-taught developer."
title: "Computer Science"
description: "Computer Science curriculum with free resources for a self-taught developer."
isNew: true
hasTopics: true
dimensions:
  width: 968
  height: 3009.05
schema:
  headline: "Computer Science Roadmap"
  description: "Computer Science roadmap for the self-taught developers and bootcamp grads. We also have resources and short descriptions attached to the roadmap items so you can get everything you want to learn in one place."
  imageUrl: "https://roadmap.sh/roadmaps/computer-science.png"
  datePublished: "2023-01-05"
  dateModified: "2023-01-20"
seo:
  title: "Computer Science Roadmap: Curriculum for the self taught developer"
  description: "Computer Science study plan with free resources for the self-taught and bootcamp grads wanting to learn Computer Science."
  keywords:
    - "computer science roadmap"
    - "computer science"
    - "computer science roadmap 2023"
    - "guide to computer science"
    - "software engineer roadmap"
    - "software engineer roadmap 2023"
    - "self-taught computer science roadmap"
    - "computer science skills"
    - "computer science skills test"
    - "cs roadmap"
    - "computer science curriculum"
    - "cs curriculum"
    - "skills for computer science"
    - "what is computer science"
    - "computer science quiz"
    - "computer science interview questions"
relatedRoadmaps:
  - "frontend"
  - "backend"
  - "devops"
  - "software-design-architecture"
sitemap:
  priority: 1
  changefreq: "monthly"
tags:
  - "roadmap"
  - "main-sitemap"
  - "skill-roadmap"
---
