src/roadmaps/javascript/content/107-javascript-control-flow/101-conditional-statements/101-switch.md, before:

# Switch Case

The `switch` statement evaluates an expression, matching the expression's value against a series of `case` clauses, and executes statements after the first `case` clause with a matching value, until a `break` statement is encountered. The `default` clause of a `switch` statement will be jumped to if no `case` matches the expression's value.

## Example
```js
switch (expression) {
  case value1:
    //Statements executed when the result of expression matches value1
    break; 
  case value2:
    //Statements executed when the result of expression matches value2
    break; 
  ...
  case valueN:
    //Statements executed when the result of expression matches valueN
    break; 
  default:
    //Statements executed when none of the values match the value of the expression
    break; 
} 
```

Visit the following resources to learn more:

- [switch - MDN](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/switch)
- [The switch statement - javascript.info](https://javascript.info/switch)

Commit message:

Add link to switch in JS Roadmap (#3380)

src/roadmaps/javascript/content/107-javascript-control-flow/101-conditional-statements/101-switch.md, after:

# Switch Case

The `switch` statement evaluates an expression, matching the expression's value against a series of `case` clauses, and executes statements after the first `case` clause with a matching value, until a `break` statement is encountered. The `default` clause of a `switch` statement will be jumped to if no `case` matches the expression's value.

## Example
```js
switch (expression) {
  case value1:
    //Statements executed when the result of expression matches value1
    break; 
  case value2:
    //Statements executed when the result of expression matches value2
    break; 
  ...
  case valueN:
    //Statements executed when the result of expression matches valueN
    break; 
  default:
    //Statements executed when none of the values match the value of the expression
    break; 
} 
```

Visit the following resources to learn more:

- [switch - MDN](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/switch)
- [The `switch` Statement: Why, What and How - CodeGuage](https://www.codeguage.com/courses/js/conditions-switch)
- [The switch statement - javascript.info](https://javascript.info/switch)
