src/roadmaps/javascript/javascript.md, before:

---
jsonUrl: "/jsons/javascript.json"
pdfUrl: "/pdfs/javascript.pdf"
order: 5
featuredTitle: "JavaScript"
featuredDescription: "Step by step guide to learn JavaScript in 2023"
title: "JavaScript Roadmap"
description: "Step by step guide to learn JavaScript in 2023"
isNew: true
hasTopics: true
dimensions:
  width: 968
  height: 2438.9
seo:
  title: "JavaScript Developer Roadmap: Step by step guide to learn JavaScript"
  description: "Community driven, articles, resources, guides, interview questions, quizzes for javascript development. Learn to become a modern JavaScript developer by following the steps, skills, resources and guides listed in this roadmap."
  keywords:
    - "javascript guide 2023"
    - "learn javascript"
    - "step by step javascript guide"
    - "javascript roadmap 2023"
    - "javascript developer roadmap 2023"
    - "guide to becoming a javascript developer"
    - "javascript developer roadmap"
    - "javascript roadmap"
    - "become javascript developer"
    - "javascript developer skills"
    - "javascript skills test"
    - "skills for javascript development"
    - "learn javascript development"
    - "what is javascript"
    - "javascript quiz"
    - "javascript interview questions"
relatedRoadmaps:
  - "frontend"
  - "backend"
  - "javascript"
  - "react"
  - "angular"
  - "vue"
  - "nodejs"
sitemap:
  priority: 1
  changefreq: "monthly"
tags:
  - "roadmap"
  - "main-sitemap"
  - "skill-roadmap"
---

Commit message:

Add json-ld schema to all roadmaps

src/roadmaps/javascript/javascript.md, after:

---
jsonUrl: "/jsons/javascript.json"
pdfUrl: "/pdfs/javascript.pdf"
order: 5
featuredTitle: "JavaScript"
featuredDescription: "Step by step guide to learn JavaScript in 2023"
title: "JavaScript Roadmap"
description: "Step by step guide to learn JavaScript in 2023"
isNew: true
hasTopics: true
dimensions:
  width: 968
  height: 2438.9
schema:
  headline: "JavaScript Roadmap"
  description: "Learn JavaScript with this interactive step by step guide in 2023. We also have resources and short descriptions attached to the roadmap items so you can get everything you want to learn in one place."
  imageUrl: "https://roadmap.sh/roadmaps/javascript.png"
  datePublished: "2023-01-05"
  dateModified: "2023-01-20"
seo:
  title: "JavaScript Developer Roadmap: Step by step guide to learn JavaScript"
  description: "Community driven, articles, resources, guides, interview questions, quizzes for javascript development. Learn to become a modern JavaScript developer by following the steps, skills, resources and guides listed in this roadmap."
  keywords:
    - "javascript guide 2023"
    - "learn javascript"
    - "step by step javascript guide"
    - "javascript roadmap 2023"
    - "javascript developer roadmap 2023"
    - "guide to becoming a javascript developer"
    - "javascript developer roadmap"
    - "javascript roadmap"
    - "become javascript developer"
    - "javascript developer skills"
    - "javascript skills test"
    - "skills for javascript development"
    - "learn javascript development"
    - "what is javascript"
    - "javascript quiz"
    - "javascript interview questions"
relatedRoadmaps:
  - "frontend"
  - "backend"
  - "javascript"
  - "react"
  - "angular"
  - "vue"
  - "nodejs"
sitemap:
  priority: 1
  changefreq: "monthly"
tags:
  - "roadmap"
  - "main-sitemap"
  - "skill-roadmap"
---
