src/roadmaps/golang/golang.md, before:

---
jsonUrl: "/jsons/golang.json"
pdfUrl: "/pdfs/golang.pdf"
order: 8
featuredTitle: "Go"
featuredDescription: "Step by step guide to becoming a Go developer in 2023"
title: "Go Developer"
description: "Step by step guide to becoming a Go developer in 2023"
hasTopics: true
dimensions:
  width: 968
  height: 1495.21
seo:
  title: "Learn to become a Go developer"
  description: "Community driven, articles, resources, guides, interview questions, quizzes for Go development. Learn to become a modern Go developer by following the steps, skills, resources and guides listed in this roadmap."
  keywords:
    - "guide to becoming a golang developer"
    - "guide to becoming a go developer"
    - "golang developer"
    - "go developer"
    - "guide to golang"
    - "guide to go"
    - "golang roadmap"
    - "go roadmap"
    - "golang skills"
    - "go skills"
    - "golang skills test"
    - "go skills test"
    - "skills for golang"
    - "skills for go"
    - "cloud development"
    - "what is golang"
    - "what is go"
    - "golang quiz"
    - "go quiz"
    - "golang interview questions"
    - "go interview questions"
relatedRoadmaps:
  - "backend"
  - "devops"
  - "python"
  - "java"
  - "javascript"
  - "nodejs"
sitemap:
  priority: 1
  changefreq: "monthly"
tags:
  - "roadmap"
  - "main-sitemap"
  - "skill-roadmap"
---

Commit message:

Add json-ld schema to all roadmaps

src/roadmaps/golang/golang.md, after:

---
jsonUrl: "/jsons/golang.json"
pdfUrl: "/pdfs/golang.pdf"
order: 8
featuredTitle: "Go"
featuredDescription: "Step by step guide to becoming a Go developer in 2023"
title: "Go Developer"
description: "Step by step guide to becoming a Go developer in 2023"
hasTopics: true
dimensions:
  width: 968
  height: 1495.21
schema:
  headline: "Go Developer Roadmap"
  description: "Learn how to become a Go Developer with this interactive step by step guide in 2023. We also have resources and short descriptions attached to the roadmap items so you can get everything you want to learn in one place."
  imageUrl: "https://roadmap.sh/roadmaps/golang.png"
  datePublished: "2023-01-05"
  dateModified: "2023-01-20"
seo:
  title: "Learn to become a Go developer"
  description: "Community driven, articles, resources, guides, interview questions, quizzes for Go development. Learn to become a modern Go developer by following the steps, skills, resources and guides listed in this roadmap."
  keywords:
    - "guide to becoming a golang developer"
    - "guide to becoming a go developer"
    - "golang developer"
    - "go developer"
    - "guide to golang"
    - "guide to go"
    - "golang roadmap"
    - "go roadmap"
    - "golang skills"
    - "go skills"
    - "golang skills test"
    - "go skills test"
    - "skills for golang"
    - "skills for go"
    - "cloud development"
    - "what is golang"
    - "what is go"
    - "golang quiz"
    - "go quiz"
    - "golang interview questions"
    - "go interview questions"
relatedRoadmaps:
  - "backend"
  - "devops"
  - "python"
  - "java"
  - "javascript"
  - "nodejs"
sitemap:
  priority: 1
  changefreq: "monthly"
tags:
  - "roadmap"
  - "main-sitemap"
  - "skill-roadmap"
---
