src/data/roadmaps/computer-science/content/102-data-structures/105-tree/101-binary-search-tree.md, before:

# Binary Search Tree

A binary search tree, also called an ordered or sorted binary tree, is a rooted binary tree data structure with the key of each internal node being greater than all the keys in the respective node's left subtree and less than the ones in its right subtree.

Visit the following resources to learn more:

- [@video@Tree | Illustrated Data Structures](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S2W3SXGPVyU)
- [@course@Binary Search Trees - Coursera](https://www.coursera.org/learn/data-structures/lecture/E7cXP/introduction)
- [@video@Binary Search Trees - MIT](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=76dhtgZt38A)
- [@video@Binary Search Tree Implementation in C++](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=COZK7NATh4k&list=PL2_aWCzGMAwI3W_JlcBbtYTwiQSsOTa6P&index=29)
- [@video@BST implementation - memory allocation in stack and heap](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hWokyBoo0aI&list=PL2_aWCzGMAwI3W_JlcBbtYTwiQSsOTa6P&index=30)
- [@video@Find Min and Max Element in Binary Search Tree](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ut90klNN264&list=PL2_aWCzGMAwI3W_JlcBbtYTwiQSsOTa6P&index=31)
- [@video@Check if Given Tree is Binary Search Tree or Not](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yEwSGhSsT0U&list=PL2_aWCzGMAwI3W_JlcBbtYTwiQSsOTa6P&index=36)
- [@video@Delete an Element from Binary Search Tree](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gcULXE7ViZw&list=PL2_aWCzGMAwI3W_JlcBbtYTwiQSsOTa6P&index=37)
- [@video@Inorder Successor in a binary search tree](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5cPbNCrdotA&list=PL2_aWCzGMAwI3W_JlcBbtYTwiQSsOTa6P&index=38)

Commit message:

feat: daily.dev links (#5860)
* feat: add daily.dev link type

* feat: replace to feed label

* feat: add links to different pages

src/data/roadmaps/computer-science/content/102-data-structures/105-tree/101-binary-search-tree.md, after:

# Binary Search Tree

A binary search tree, also called an ordered or sorted binary tree, is a rooted binary tree data structure with the key of each internal node being greater than all the keys in the respective node's left subtree and less than the ones in its right subtree.

Visit the following resources to learn more:

- [@video@Tree | Illustrated Data Structures](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S2W3SXGPVyU)
- [@course@Binary Search Trees - Coursera](https://www.coursera.org/learn/data-structures/lecture/E7cXP/introduction)
- [@video@Binary Search Trees - MIT](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=76dhtgZt38A)
- [@video@Binary Search Tree Implementation in C++](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=COZK7NATh4k\&list=PL2_aWCzGMAwI3W_JlcBbtYTwiQSsOTa6P\&index=29)
- [@video@BST implementation - memory allocation in stack and heap](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hWokyBoo0aI\&list=PL2_aWCzGMAwI3W_JlcBbtYTwiQSsOTa6P\&index=30)
- [@video@Find Min and Max Element in Binary Search Tree](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ut90klNN264\&list=PL2_aWCzGMAwI3W_JlcBbtYTwiQSsOTa6P\&index=31)
- [@video@Check if Given Tree is Binary Search Tree or Not](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yEwSGhSsT0U\&list=PL2_aWCzGMAwI3W_JlcBbtYTwiQSsOTa6P\&index=36)
- [@video@Delete an Element from Binary Search Tree](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gcULXE7ViZw\&list=PL2_aWCzGMAwI3W_JlcBbtYTwiQSsOTa6P\&index=37)
- [@video@Inorder Successor in a binary search tree](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5cPbNCrdotA\&list=PL2_aWCzGMAwI3W_JlcBbtYTwiQSsOTa6P\&index=38)
- [@feed@Explore top posts about General Programming](https://app.daily.dev/tags/general-programming?ref=roadmapsh)
