src/roadmaps/python/python.md, before:

---
jsonUrl: "/jsons/python.json"
pdfUrl: "/pdfs/python.pdf"
order: 7
featuredTitle: "Python"
featuredDescription: "Step by step guide to becoming a Python Developer in 2023"
title: "Python Developer"
description: "Step by step guide to becoming a Python developer in 2023"
hasTopics: true
dimensions:
  width: 992
  height: 1259.03
seo:
  title: "Learn to become a modern Python developer"
  description: "Community driven, articles, resources, guides, interview questions, quizzes for python development. Learn to become a modern Python developer by following the steps, skills, resources and guides listed in this roadmap."
  keywords:
    - "guide to becoming an python developer"
    - "python developer roadmap"
    - "python roadmap"
    - "become python developer"
    - "python developer skills"
    - "python skills test"
    - "skills for python development"
    - "learn python development"
    - "what is python"
    - "python quiz"
    - "python interview questions"
relatedRoadmaps:
  - "backend"
  - "devops"
  - "golang"
  - "java"
  - "javascript"
  - "nodejs"
sitemap:
  priority: 1
  changefreq: "monthly"
tags:
  - "roadmap"
  - "main-sitemap"
  - "skill-roadmap"
---

Commit message:

Add json-ld schema to all roadmaps

src/roadmaps/python/python.md, after:

---
jsonUrl: "/jsons/python.json"
pdfUrl: "/pdfs/python.pdf"
order: 7
featuredTitle: "Python"
featuredDescription: "Step by step guide to becoming a Python Developer in 2023"
title: "Python Developer"
description: "Step by step guide to becoming a Python developer in 2023"
hasTopics: true
dimensions:
  width: 992
  height: 1259.03
schema:
  headline: "Python Roadmap"
  description: "Learn Python with this interactive step by step guide in 2023. We also have resources and short descriptions attached to the roadmap items so you can get everything you want to learn in one place."
  imageUrl: "https://roadmap.sh/roadmaps/python.png"
  datePublished: "2023-01-05"
  dateModified: "2023-01-20"
seo:
  title: "Learn to become a modern Python developer"
  description: "Community driven, articles, resources, guides, interview questions, quizzes for python development. Learn to become a modern Python developer by following the steps, skills, resources and guides listed in this roadmap."
  keywords:
    - "guide to becoming an python developer"
    - "python developer roadmap"
    - "python roadmap"
    - "become python developer"
    - "python developer skills"
    - "python skills test"
    - "skills for python development"
    - "learn python development"
    - "what is python"
    - "python quiz"
    - "python interview questions"
relatedRoadmaps:
  - "backend"
  - "devops"
  - "golang"
  - "java"
  - "javascript"
  - "nodejs"
sitemap:
  priority: 1
  changefreq: "monthly"
tags:
  - "roadmap"
  - "main-sitemap"
  - "skill-roadmap"
---
