src/roadmaps/angular/angular.md, before:

---
jsonUrl: "/jsons/angular.json"
pdfUrl: "/pdfs/angular.pdf"
order: 3
featuredTitle: "Angular"
featuredDescription: "Step by step guide to become a Angular Developer in 2023"
title: "Angular Developer"
description: "Everything that is there to learn about Angular and the ecosystem in 2023."
hasTopics: true
dimensions:
  width: 968
  height: 2277.8
seo:
  title: "Angular Developer Roadmap: Learn to become a Angular developer"
  description: "Community driven, articles, resources, guides, interview questions, quizzes for angular development. Learn to become a modern Angular developer by following the steps, skills, resources and guides listed in this roadmap."
  keywords:
    - "guide to becoming a angular developer"
    - "angular developer roadmap"
    - "angular roadmap"
    - "become angular developer"
    - "angular developer skills"
    - "angular skills test"
    - "skills for angular development"
    - "learn angular development"
    - "what is angular"
    - "angular quiz"
    - "angular interview questions"
relatedRoadmaps:
  - "frontend"
  - "javascript"
  - "react"
  - "vue"
  - "nodejs"
sitemap:
  priority: 1
  changefreq: "monthly"
tags:
  - "roadmap"
  - "main-sitemap"
  - "skill-roadmap"
---

Commit message:

Add json-ld schema to all roadmaps

src/roadmaps/angular/angular.md, after:

---
jsonUrl: "/jsons/angular.json"
pdfUrl: "/pdfs/angular.pdf"
order: 3
featuredTitle: "Angular"
featuredDescription: "Step by step guide to become a Angular Developer in 2023"
title: "Angular Developer"
description: "Everything that is there to learn about Angular and the ecosystem in 2023."
hasTopics: true
dimensions:
  width: 968
  height: 2277.8
schema:
  headline: "Angular Developer Roadmap"
  description: "Learn how to become a Angular Developer with this interactive step by step guide in 2023. We also have resources and short descriptions attached to the roadmap items so you can get everything you want to learn in one place."
  imageUrl: "https://roadmap.sh/roadmaps/angular.png"
  datePublished: "2023-01-05"
  dateModified: "2023-01-20"
seo:
  title: "Angular Developer Roadmap: Learn to become a Angular developer"
  description: "Community driven, articles, resources, guides, interview questions, quizzes for angular development. Learn to become a modern Angular developer by following the steps, skills, resources and guides listed in this roadmap."
  keywords:
    - "guide to becoming a angular developer"
    - "angular developer roadmap"
    - "angular roadmap"
    - "become angular developer"
    - "angular developer skills"
    - "angular skills test"
    - "skills for angular development"
    - "learn angular development"
    - "what is angular"
    - "angular quiz"
    - "angular interview questions"
relatedRoadmaps:
  - "frontend"
  - "javascript"
  - "react"
  - "vue"
  - "nodejs"
sitemap:
  priority: 1
  changefreq: "monthly"
tags:
  - "roadmap"
  - "main-sitemap"
  - "skill-roadmap"
---
