src/roadmaps/system-design/content/106-background-jobs/100-event-driven.md, before:

# Event Driven

Event-driven architecture (EDA) is a design pattern that focuses on the flow of events through a system, rather than the flow of data or control. It is based on the idea that a system should respond to external events and trigger the appropriate actions.

In an event-driven system, events are generated by external sources, such as user input, sensors, or other systems, and are passed through the system to be handled by the appropriate components. These events can trigger various actions, such as updating the state of the system, sending a message to another system, or triggering a computation.

Learn more from the following links:

- [What is an Event-Driven Architecture?](https://aws.amazon.com/event-driven-architecture/)
- [Event-Driven Architecture - Everything You Need to Know](https://blog.hubspot.com/website/event-driven-architecture)
- [System Design: Event-Driven Architecture (EDA)](https://dev.to/karanpratapsingh/system-design-event-driven-architecture-eda-3m72)

Commit message:

Add content for consistency and background jobs

src/roadmaps/system-design/content/106-background-jobs/100-event-driven.md, after:

# Event Driven

Event-driven invocation uses a trigger to start the background task. Examples of using event-driven triggers include:

- The UI or another job places a message in a queue. The message contains data about an action that has taken place, such as the user placing an order. The background task listens on this queue and detects the arrival of a new message. It reads the message and uses the data in it as the input to the background job. This pattern is known as asynchronous message-based communication.
- The UI or another job saves or updates a value in storage. The background task monitors the storage and detects changes. It reads the data and uses it as the input to the background job.
- The UI or another job makes a request to an endpoint, such as an HTTPS URI, or an API that is exposed as a web service. It passes the data that is required to complete the background task as part of the request. The endpoint or web service invokes the background task, which uses the data as its input.

Learn more from the following links:

- [Background Jobs - Event Driven Triggers](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/architecture/best-practices/background-jobs#event-driven-triggers)
