src/roadmaps/design-system/design-system.md, before:

---
jsonUrl: "/jsons/design-system.json"
pdfUrl: "/pdfs/design-system.pdf"
order: 11
featuredTitle: "Design System"
featuredDescription: "Step by step guide to building a modern Design System"
title: "Design System"
description: "Learn how to create a design system with this step by step guide"
isNew: true
hasTopics: true
dimensions:
  width: 968
  height: 2309.7
seo:
  title: "How to Create a Design System"
  description: "Learn how to create a design system or become a design system engineer with this step by step guide with resources."
  keywords:
    - "guide to create a design system"
    - "guide to becoming a design system engineer"
    - "design system engineer"
    - "design system engineer"
    - "design system skills"
    - "guide to design system"
    - "design system roadmap"
    - "design system skills"
    - "design system skills test"
    - "skills for design system"
    - "what is design system"
    - "design system quiz"
    - "design system interview questions"
    - "design system engineer roadmap"
    - "design system engineer roadmap"
    - "become a design system engineer"
    - "design system engineer career path"
    - "design system engineer"
    - "modern design system engineer"
relatedRoadmaps:
  - "frontend"
  - "javascript"
  - "react"
  - "vue"
  - "angular"
  - "nodejs"
sitemap:
  priority: 1
  changefreq: "monthly"
tags:
  - "roadmap"
  - "main-sitemap"
  - "skill-roadmap"
---

Commit message:

Add json-ld schema to all roadmaps

src/roadmaps/design-system/design-system.md, after:

---
jsonUrl: "/jsons/design-system.json"
pdfUrl: "/pdfs/design-system.pdf"
order: 11
featuredTitle: "Design System"
featuredDescription: "Step by step guide to building a modern Design System"
title: "Design System"
description: "Learn how to create a design system with this step by step guide"
isNew: true
hasTopics: true
dimensions:
  width: 968
  height: 2309.7
schema:
  headline: "Design System Roadmap"
  description: "Learn how to create a Design System with this interactive step by step guide in 2023. We also have resources and short descriptions attached to the roadmap items so you can get everything you want to learn in one place."
  imageUrl: "https://roadmap.sh/roadmaps/design-system.png"
  datePublished: "2023-01-05"
  dateModified: "2023-01-20"
seo:
  title: "How to Create a Design System"
  description: "Learn how to create a design system or become a design system engineer with this step by step guide with resources."
  keywords:
    - "guide to create a design system"
    - "guide to becoming a design system engineer"
    - "design system engineer"
    - "design system engineer"
    - "design system skills"
    - "guide to design system"
    - "design system roadmap"
    - "design system skills"
    - "design system skills test"
    - "skills for design system"
    - "what is design system"
    - "design system quiz"
    - "design system interview questions"
    - "design system engineer roadmap"
    - "design system engineer roadmap"
    - "become a design system engineer"
    - "design system engineer career path"
    - "design system engineer"
    - "modern design system engineer"
relatedRoadmaps:
  - "frontend"
  - "javascript"
  - "react"
  - "vue"
  - "angular"
  - "nodejs"
sitemap:
  priority: 1
  changefreq: "monthly"
tags:
  - "roadmap"
  - "main-sitemap"
  - "skill-roadmap"
---
