src/roadmaps/nodejs/nodejs.md, before:

---
jsonUrl: "/jsons/nodejs.json"
pdfUrl: "/pdfs/nodejs.pdf"
order: 6
featuredTitle: "Node.js"
featuredDescription: "Step by step guide to becoming a Node.js developer in 2023"
title: "Node.js Developer"
description: "Step by step guide to becoming a modern Node.js developer in 2023"
isNew: true
hasTopics: true
dimensions:
  width: 968
  height: 2474.06
seo:
  title: "Node.js Developer Roadmap: Learn to become a modern node.js developer"
  description: "Learn to become a modern node.js developer using this roadmap. Community driven, articles, resources, guides, interview questions, quizzes for modern node.js development."
  keywords:
    - "node.js roadmap 2023"
    - "nodejs roadmap 2023"
    - "node.js roadmap 2023"
    - "nodejs roadmap 2023"
    - "node.js developer roadmap 2023"
    - "nodejs developer roadmap 2023"
    - "guide to becoming a developer"
    - "guide to becoming a node.js developer"
    - "guid to becoming a node.js developer"
    - "node.js developer"
    - "nodejs developer"
    - "node.js engineer"
    - "nodejs engineer"
    - "node.js skills"
    - "nodejs skills"
    - "node.js development"
    - "nodejs development"
    - "node.js developer"
    - "nodejs developer"
    - "node.js development skills"
    - "nodejs development skills"
    - "node.js development skills test"
    - "nodejs development skills test"
    - "node.js roadmap"
    - "nodejs roadmap"
    - "node.js engineer roadmap"
    - "nodejs engineer roadmap"
    - "node.js developer roadmap"
    - "nodejs developer roadmap"
    - "become a node.js developer"
    - "become a node.js developer"
    - "node.js developer career path"
    - "nodejs developer career path"
    - "node.js developer"
    - "nodejs developer"
    - "modern node.js developer"
    - "modern node.js developer"
    - "node developer"
    - "skills for node.js development"
    - "skills for nodejs development"
    - "learn node.js development"
    - "lear node.js development"
    - "node.js developer quiz"
    - "nodejs developer quiz"
    - "node.js developer interview questions"
    - "nodejs developer interview questions"
relatedRoadmaps:
  - "frontend"
  - "backend"
  - "javascript"
  - "react"
  - "angular"
  - "vue"
sitemap:
  priority: 1
  changefreq: "monthly"
tags:
  - "roadmap"
  - "main-sitemap"
  - "skill-roadmap"
---

Commit message:

Add json-ld schema to all roadmaps

src/roadmaps/nodejs/nodejs.md, after:

---
jsonUrl: "/jsons/nodejs.json"
pdfUrl: "/pdfs/nodejs.pdf"
order: 6
featuredTitle: "Node.js"
featuredDescription: "Step by step guide to becoming a Node.js developer in 2023"
title: "Node.js Developer"
description: "Step by step guide to becoming a modern Node.js developer in 2023"
isNew: true
hasTopics: true
dimensions:
  width: 968
  height: 2474.06
schema:
  headline: "Node.js Roadmap"
  description: "Learn Node.js with this interactive step by step guide in 2023. We also have resources and short descriptions attached to the roadmap items so you can get everything you want to learn in one place."
  imageUrl: "https://roadmap.sh/roadmaps/nodejs.png"
  datePublished: "2023-01-05"
  dateModified: "2023-01-20"
seo:
  title: "Node.js Developer Roadmap: Learn to become a modern node.js developer"
  description: "Learn to become a modern node.js developer using this roadmap. Community driven, articles, resources, guides, interview questions, quizzes for modern node.js development."
  keywords:
    - "node.js roadmap 2023"
    - "nodejs roadmap 2023"
    - "node.js roadmap 2023"
    - "nodejs roadmap 2023"
    - "node.js developer roadmap 2023"
    - "nodejs developer roadmap 2023"
    - "guide to becoming a developer"
    - "guide to becoming a node.js developer"
    - "guid to becoming a node.js developer"
    - "node.js developer"
    - "nodejs developer"
    - "node.js engineer"
    - "nodejs engineer"
    - "node.js skills"
    - "nodejs skills"
    - "node.js development"
    - "nodejs development"
    - "node.js developer"
    - "nodejs developer"
    - "node.js development skills"
    - "nodejs development skills"
    - "node.js development skills test"
    - "nodejs development skills test"
    - "node.js roadmap"
    - "nodejs roadmap"
    - "node.js engineer roadmap"
    - "nodejs engineer roadmap"
    - "node.js developer roadmap"
    - "nodejs developer roadmap"
    - "become a node.js developer"
    - "become a node.js developer"
    - "node.js developer career path"
    - "nodejs developer career path"
    - "node.js developer"
    - "nodejs developer"
    - "modern node.js developer"
    - "modern node.js developer"
    - "node developer"
    - "skills for node.js development"
    - "skills for nodejs development"
    - "learn node.js development"
    - "lear node.js development"
    - "node.js developer quiz"
    - "nodejs developer quiz"
    - "node.js developer interview questions"
    - "nodejs developer interview questions"
relatedRoadmaps:
  - "frontend"
  - "backend"
  - "javascript"
  - "react"
  - "angular"
  - "vue"
sitemap:
  priority: 1
  changefreq: "monthly"
tags:
  - "roadmap"
  - "main-sitemap"
  - "skill-roadmap"
---
